# UttarKannadaTourismApp
   The ultimate goal of the project is to explore the requirements of travelers in Uttar Kannada and our proposed and developed solution of android application including some basic guidance for the travelers. Every year lakhs of travelers from diverse places come to visit Uttar Kannada for different purposes. Most of them come for religious, study, and business purposes. Besides, tourists also visit different places of natural beauty and the history of the districts. However, the travelers face different types of problems including limited transportation information, problems in understanding the Kannada language, and so on. Based on travelers’ requirements,  I have tried to come up with my online mobile application which can solve their problems during visiting tourist places of Uttar Kannada. The report illustrates the features, development method, result, and uses of our android application named “Uttar Kannada Tourism”.

   Introduction The aim to design and develop the project is to produce a tourist guide for Uttar Kannada districts to facilitate domestic and international tourists. Due to the unavailability of proper tourist guides, tourists face many problems. As traditional practice when a tourist visits Uttar Kannada they have to engage professional tourist guides. The guides provide information about the city. We have to spend a handsome amount of money to get such services as a professional guide. It is expensive for most tourists. Most guides are not professional because they working part-time in the summer season as guides and in winter they used to work in some other ﬁelds. So sometimes the guide also could not give proper information to the travelers because of human nature they can- not remembers facts and figures which is required for decision makings like temperature, heights from sea level, weather conditions, dates, and historical importance, etc. It is freely available at any time whenever a tourist needs it. This tourism app project is an Android application that uses a firebase database and Internet. The application will help to provide modern technology for the tourism industry and helps to boost tourism. 
 
**Here is the link of project images, have a look**

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1b1dkCsBtL1Pbe9gic9OAQ92R3-LW2n1J?usp=sharing
